c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.exe
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.deps.json
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.pdb
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\CsvHelper.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\TraderClasses.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.pdb
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\TraderClasses.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\TraderClasses.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\ClosedXML.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\Irony.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\SixLabors.Fonts.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IO.Packaging.dll
c:\Users\willp\Documents\Projects\DayZ Tools\TraderClasses\bin\Debug\net8.0\XLParser.dll
